Added a short section about "Setting Environment Variables for Processes" (#10983)
symfony/symfony-docs: components/process.rst

    // On both Unix-like and Windows
    $process->run(null, ['MESSAGE' => 'Something to output']);

Setting Environment Variables for Processes
-------------------------------------------

The constructor of the :class:`Symfony\\Component\\Process\\Process` class and
all of its methods related to executing processes (``run()``, ``mustRun()``,
``start()``, etc.) allow passing an array of environment variables to set while
running the process::

    $process = new Process(['...'], null, ['ENV_VAR_NAME' => 'value']);

>     $process = Process::fromShellCommandline('...', null, ['ENV_VAR_NAME' => 'value']);

Reviewer: do we need both lines?

Author: Here we're trying to display multiple different ways to set up env vars. Thats's why we have several lines.

    // On both Unix-like and Windows
    $process->run(null, ['MESSAGE' => 'Something to output']);

Setting Environment Variables for Processes
-------------------------------------------

The constructor of the :class:`Symfony\\Component\\Process\\Process` class and

> all its methods related to executing processes (``run()``, ``mustRun()``,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
all of its methods, related to executing processes (``run()``, ``mustRun()``,
```

Author: I don't think this suggestion is correct. This doesn't apply to "all methods" ... but to "all methods which are related to executing processes". Do you still think we should reword the original to make it more clear?

> ``start()``, etc.) allow passing an array of environment variables to set before

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``start()``, etc.), allow passing an array of environment variables to set before
```

> ``start()``, etc.) allow passing an array of environment variables to set before

Author: I don't understand this. Env vars should be set before the process starts to execute, right? Otherwise, if you start setting the env vars at the same time that you start executing the process ... the env vars won't be available for the process, right?

> ``start()``, etc.) allow passing an array of environment variables to set before

Reviewer 2: When you run a process, you pass several things at the same time with no order - they all have to be set to start the program: the command line, its pipes (stdin,stderr, etc), and its env vars.

running the process::

    $process = new Process(['...'], null, ['ENV_VAR_NAME' => 'value']);
    $process = Process::fromShellCommandline('...', null, ['ENV_VAR_NAME' => 'value']);
    $process->run(null, ['ENV_VAR_NAME' => 'value']);

>     // ...

Reviewer: imo this is only noise

> These environment variables are automatically inherited by child processes. You

Author: I need some help trying to understand this in practice. Imagine this command:

```php
$process = new Process(['foo'], null, ['APP_ENV' => 'test']);
```

`foo` command is run with `APP_ENV=test` and if `foo` starts new processes or runs commands, they will use `APP_ENV=test` too. OK.

But here we are saying, if you want to prevent that, set the env var to `false`:

```php
$process = new Process(['foo'], null, ['APP_ENV' => false]);
```

OK, so child processes now don't use `APP_ENV=test` ... but the main `foo` command doesn't either, right?

Question: how can I define an env var for a command ... and prevent defining it for its child processes? Thanks.

> These environment variables are automatically inherited by child processes. You

Reviewer 2: A running `Process` instance *is* a child process. We don't make a difference between a child process and its sub-children. That's not out responsibility at all.

> These environment variables are automatically inherited by child processes. You

Author: Now I understand. Thanks!

> can prevent that setting the following env vars to ``false``::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
can prevent that by setting specific env vars to ``false``::
```

>     // ...

Reviewer: imo this is only noise

    $process = new Process(['...'], null, [
        'APP_ENV' => false,

>         'SYMFONY_DOTENV_VARS' => false

Reviewer: If you keep this, you should add this:
```suggestion
        'SYMFONY_DOTENV_VARS' => false,
```

    ]);

> 

Reviewer: overall I would use `APP_ENV` in both code blocks and remove the second one (SYMFONY_DOTENV_VARS) in the lower code block

Author: I prefer to keep the `ENV_VAR_NAME => 'value'` example in the first code block to show the generic form ... in the second example we show some specific env vars to make it more concrete.
